Visit Rwanda – Discover the Land of a Thousand Hills
Tourism
Investment
Meet in Rwanda
Gorilla Gram
Practical Information
Media
Book A Trip
Partnerships
Events
21.9°C
Tourism
Known as the land of a thousand hills, Rwanda’s stunning scenery and warm, friendly people offer unique experiences in one of the most remarkable countries in the world. It is blessed with extraordinary biodiversity, with incredible wildlife living throughout its volcanoes, montane rainforest and sweeping plains.
Travellers come from far and wide to catch a glimpse of the magnificent gorillas, yet there is so much more to see and experience.
Highlights
The Great Rift Valley
The west of Rwanda forms a branch of the Great Rift Valley known as the Albertine Rift. It has many unique, endemic species and is bursting with life.
Chimpanzees, golden monkeys and other primates live alongside hundreds of brightly-coloured birds, orchids and butterflies.
And that is only scratching the surface…
View National Parks
Highlights
Responsible Tourism
As guardians of many iconic species, Rwanda is committed to safeguarding their existence within the four National Parks.
We are constantly working to ensure we can live in sustainable harmony with our environment, with a clean and green mindset. We banned plastic bags in 2008, and our lands are possibly the cleanest in Africa thanks to efforts throughout every community.
Ten percent of the income derived from gorilla, safari and other tourist permits, as well as park fees, is spent in partnership with local communities to change lives for the better.
View Activities
Highlights
Epic Scenery
Rwanda’s dramatic vistas are endless, with a fresh perspective around every corner.
Our country is full of beauty and managing to explore it all is easy, thanks to an excellent road network linking the core areas.
Visitors can rest assured the country is safe as well as stunning – Rwanda was ranked the 9th safest country in the world by the World Economic Forum.
Highlights
Vibrant Culture
Warm and friendly, Rwandans are also respectful, thoughtful and committed to the idea of progress, starting at the grass roots and running all the way to the top.
From the ancient kingdom to the modern day, creativity is something to be celebrated, whether through traditional dance, unique architecture or works of art.
View Culture & Heritage
Responsible Tourism
Gorilla Tracking
Photo Credit : Annabel Illingworth
Culture & Heritage
King's Palace
Accommodation
Where to Stay
Sport & Adventure
Canopy Walkway
Investment
Rwanda is ranked as the second easiest place to do business in Africa by the World Bank and has been awarded for its leadership in tourism and economic competitiveness by the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC) and the World Economic Forum respectively.
Paving the Way
Volkswagen
The German carmaker has just opened an assembly plant in Rwanda, which will create up to 1,000 jobs.
In a new chapter of economic transformation, VW is also spearheading community car sharing and ride-hailing by smartphone.
Tech Incubator
Zipline
Rwanda is an ideal tech incubator, thanks to its compact size and appetite for innovation.
We welcome pioneering initiatives such as that by Silicon Valley company Zipline, which now delivers critical blood products to rural medical clinics across our mountainous lands.
Centre of Excellence
Innovation City
Discover an area in Kigali for world-class universities and think tanks to mingle with technology companies, helping drive private sector growth.
Innovation City is an ecosystem linking high tech industry, research and education with capital investment, which aims to create jobs and reduce our current account deficit.
Incentives
Special Economic Zones
Discover why we are the second fastest growing economy in Africa, and prepare to enjoy the opportunities accrued from the free trade agreements that we’ve signed with over 50 countries.
Designated serviced land is provided for small and large scale industrial development, as well as reliable, quality infrastructure, competitive fiscal and non-fiscal regulations and streamlined administration procedures.
Why Invest
Five Reasons
How to Invest
Starting a Business
Investment Opportunities
All Sectors
How to Invest
One Stop Centre
Meet in Rwanda
Rwanda is an excellent hub for meetings and events, with world-class facilities such as the Kigali Convention Centre which is conveniently located close to Kigali International Airport and offers a premium environment for regional and international conventions, exhibitions, festivals, meetings and other events.
Business Events
Kigali Convention Centre
Around the Capital
Kigali
National Airline
RwandAir
Partnerships
Visit Rwanda is proud to partner with some of the world’s biggest brands to share the beauty of the country with millions around the globe.
Sleeve Sponsor
Arsenal
Premium Partner
Paris Saint Germain
Platinum Partner
FC Bayern München
Founding and Host Partner
Basketball Africa League
Yellow Jersey Sponsor
Tour du Rwanda
Tourism
Investment
Meet in Rwanda
Arsenal
Destinations
Towns
National Parks
Interests
Responsible Tourism
Culture & Heritage
Sports & Adventure
Plan a trip
Accommodation
Itineraries
Five Reasons to Invest
Investment Opportunities
One Stop Centre
Kigali Convention Centre
About The Partnership
Football in Rwanda
Copyright © 2025-
RDB
Stories
Practical Information
Media
Book A Trip
Contact
Find Us On: